

Privacy Policy

We take your privacy seriously. To better protect your privacy we provide this privacy policy notice explaining the way your personal information is collected and used.

Collection of Routine Information

This app collects user information relating to high scores. This information includes, but is not limited to, information entered by the player (name), the player's score, and the date/time the score was saved. None of this information can personally identify specific users of this app. The information is tracked for gameplay purposes.

Advertisement and Other Third Parties

Advertising partners and other third parties may use cookies, scripts and/or web beacons to track users' activities on this app in order to display advertisements and other useful information. Such tracking is done directly by the third parties through their own servers and is subject to their own privacy policies. This app has no access or control over these cookies, scripts and/or web beacons that may be used by third parties. Learn how to opt out of Google's cookie usage: http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html

Links to Third Party Websites

We are not responsible for the privacy policies on third party websites. You should be aware that the privacy policies of these websites may differ from our own.

Security

The security of your personal information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Changes To This Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy is effective as of 8th October 2022 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.

We reserve the right to update or change this Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided, or by placing a prominent notice on our app.

Contact Information

For any questions or concerns regarding the privacy policy, please send an email to sage7ad@gmail.com.
